INSTALLING THE TOMCAT SERVER AND DEPLOY THE JAVA WEB APPLICATION:

Basics of Java
   Basic definition of JDK:
   JDK is the software development environment used for making applet and java application. JDK is said Java Development Kit.
   Basic definition of JRE:
    JRE is a piece of a software which is designed to run other software. It contains the class libraries, loader class, and JVM. In simple terms, 
	if you want to run Java program you need JRE. If you are not a programmer, you don’t need to install JDK, but just JRE to run Java programs.
   Basic definition of JVM:
    JVM is an engine that provides a runtime environment to drive the Java Code or applications. It converts Java bytecode into machine language. JVM is a part of 
	Java Run Environment (JRE). It cannot be separately downloaded and installed. To install JVM, you need to install JRE. The full form of JVM is Java Virtual Machine
Basic of Tomcat:
   Need to install the Tomcat server on your personal computer
	link:https://tomcat.apache.org/download-10.cgi
   Before installing the Tomcat server need to install the Java application JDK
	Link:https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/downloads/
   After installing the java application, install the Tomcat Server installer 
    Select the category Full and check the Port and select Next, then you need to redirect the java application path while installing.
	Just click finish.
   Then, Need to enable the set environment variable for java and tomcat.
    Right click of This PC select Properities on right side select Advance system settings and click environment variable.
    need to set path:C:\Program Files\Apache Software Foundation\Tomcat 10.0\bin
					:C:\Program Files\Java\jdk-17.0.2\bin
	need to create JAVA_HOME:C:\Program Files\Java\jdk-17.0.2
				 TOMCAT_HOME:C:\Program Files\Apache Software Foundation\Tomcat 10.0
	Just Open Browser and search localhost:8080
    For admin access go to C:\Program Files\Apache Software Foundation\Tomcat 10.0\conf 
	Open the tomcat-users.xml with Notepad++ edit the user name and password and restart the service.
	This tomcat supports the .WAR file and if u place the .HTML file on webapps need to create the folder for that .HTML file it will works.
Tomcat User right:
   manager-gui — Access to the HTML interface. 
   manager-status — Access to the "Server Status" page only.
   manager-script — Access to the tools-friendly plain text interface that is described in this document, and to the "Server Status" page.
   manager-jmx — Access to JMX proxy interface and to the "Server Status" page.
				 JMX is said to be Java Management Extension its is used to manage and monitoring application, system objects and devices.
Log files in Tomcat installed folder:
   Localhost access.txt
    When we deploy the .war file if you start or stop the service it stored the log file with date and time.
    It will check when the service is start, stop and also it checks the reload of the .war file.
   Catalina.log:
    Same process as like log folder.
    It will show the log of Jasper (JSP engine) process and catalina (Servlet Engine) show it is stop, start or resload state.
   Manage log:
    It same log report like Tomcat server log and catalina log.
   Common Daemon host log:
    When we restart, start or stop the tomat service there is be a log on this log file and along there is a log on catalina server and local host.
	

 